# CS-360

This project offered the option of several different types of applications to develop, each of which would support a login system, a user interactive database, as well as other small features. I chose to build a weight loss app that accepted user inputs for daily weigh-ins and produced a grid of all the users historical weights, as well as a goal weight. The app would notify the user when they reached their goal weight.
I built three total screens for the app as well as Toast messages to push miniature screens to the user. The initial login screen allowed you to create an account or proceed to another login screen if you already had an account. These screens allowed you to add your credentials to the user credentials database or log in by matching your input with currently stored login credentials in the database. The dashboard allowed all of the apps core functionality. There were fields to input the date, current weight and goal weight. There were buttons to input an entry, edit an entry, delete an entry, view all entries in a Toast grid, and there was a switch to enable notifications. 
I approached the project by first designing the front end by putting together all the nevessary widgets withing the layout of each screen. I was also able to customize the colors, fonts, positions, and sizes of everything on each screen. I then worked on coding the functionality of each widget on each screen in order to meet the requirements of the project. Splitting the work between back end and front end work, made it alot easier to approach than doing both at the same time.
The Android emulator made the testing process a breeze. I was able to test my functionality by running the emulator. I also checked the error log each time something didn't work. This made it easy to see when the compiler stopped working so I could locate my errors.
The place I had to innovate the most having to have such dynamic interactability with the weightloss database. By using the dates as the key to pointing to the entries that I either wanted to edit/delete/show/etc. this process became easier.
I think overall the ability to interact with two different databases in so many different ways is what I was most succesful/proud of.
